Use image 1 as a reference for the following prompt.

{
  "prompt": "Hyper-realistic photographic portrait of an Eastern European woman aged 18–20, facing the camera directly with a strict straight-on, eye-level camera lock. Head centered, shoulders square, neutral relaxed posture. The image is optimized for clear facial capture and long-term identity consistency.\n\nShe has a naturally proportioned oval-to-soft-rectangular face with subtle, real-world asymmetry. Bone structure is youthful but grounded: gently defined cheekbones, a natural jawline with soft angles, and a lightly rounded chin. Nothing exaggerated or sculpted.\n\nSkin is fair to light beige with neutral undertones, showing authentic texture: visible pores, faint freckles or tiny blemishes, slight redness around the nose or cheeks, natural tonal variation. Skin appears unretouched, matte to natural-satin, never airbrushed or glossy.\n\nEyes are medium-sized, slightly rounded-almond in shape, brown to hazel or muted green, looking directly into the camera. Expression is open, playful, and approachable with a calm, observant quality. Natural eyelid folds, subtle under-eye depth, no heavy lashes.\n\nBrows are naturally full with slight irregularity, softly shaped, realistic density. Nose is straight to mildly sloped, proportionate width, softly rounded tip, clearly defined and centered. Lips are medium fullness with a natural cupid’s bow, minor asymmetry, natural rosy tone, relaxed closed-mouth expression without gloss or contouring.\n\nHair is medium to dark brown or soft black, healthy but natural texture, slightly imperfect strands. Styled simply in a way that feels Gen Z–current yet effortless (loose straight hair, light waves, or a simple half-up style), hair kept away from the face for clarity.\n\nArchetype / Vibe: trendy and youthful with a Gen Z energy, but grounded and real. Polished grooming without glamour. Playful, friendly, and approachable rather than aspirational or performative. Feels like a real person, not a manufactured persona.\n\nClothing is casual-modern and age-appropriate: simple fitted top or hoodie in neutral or soft trendy colors, clean and understated, no logos or flashy styling.\n\nLighting is soft natural daylight, evenly illuminating the face with gentle shadows for depth. No beauty lighting, no dramatic contrast. Camera uses a 50–65mm lens with shallow depth of field and true photographic perspective.\n\nBackground is a real, subtle interior or neutral wall, softly blurred and non-distracting.\n\nOverall style is ultra-realistic editorial photography with natural color grading and preserved human imperfections.\n\nConsistency lock: same person, same facial proportions, same eye spacing, same nose shape, same lip structure, consistent identity across all images.\n\nAbsolutely avoid: influencer look, exaggerated beauty standards, overly perfect symmetry, airbrushed skin, doll-like features, heavy makeup, stylized or anime traits, CGI or synthetic appearance.",
  "aspect_ratio": "1:1"
}
